- I finally (finally!) got around to tying up some loose ends in the preview screen rewrite I _mostly_ released back at the beginning of June. This improves the behaviour of the transition from the image to info, makes the scroll a little more forgiving, and has the scrollbar appearing ON TOP of the image. SORCERY!

- Shortly after launching the last update, I noticed that there were situations where a download could be enqueued multiple times. Not really a big deal, except for the fact that it also meant that the app would crash. I tweaked the code to only allow it to enqueue the download one time, so that should be the end of THAT.

- There were a couple of instances where, upon following a series of steps, one could cause the search drawer to appear while looking at a GIF preview, and that's not how it's supposed to work. I threw in some breakpoints, ran through a few scenarios where I knew it was getting triggered, and it should behave a little better now.

- While testing something entirely different, I stumbled on the fact that the Dropbox sync status wasn't being updated properly, and causing it to get stuck. Long story short, past-Jelly had wired things up with a didSet and then wrapped things with a lock for thread safety, but those two things weren't living well together, so one had to go. Don't worry, though… it wasn't the thread safety part, I swear.

- I've been meaning to give the ol' GIFwrapped icon a bit of a refresh for a while now, and I spent a couple days in Sketch getting things nice and tight. It's pretty minor, but if it helps any… there's also six entirely new alternate icons to choose from, including a pretty spiffy rainbow one. YOU'RE WELCOME